must havbe  ==Personalize your profile
You can share information about yourself with other users by setting a profile picture and adding a bio to your profile.

In this article
Note

Your profile name for your is GitHub account is required. All other profile information described in this article is optional.

Changing your profile picture
Your profile picture helps identify you across GitHub in pull requests, comments, contributions pages, and graphs.

Setting a profile picture
In the upper-right corner of any page on GitHub, click your profile picture, then click  Settings.

Under "Profile Picture", select  Edit, then click Upload a photo....

Screenshot of the "Public profile" section of a user account's settings. A button, labeled with a pencil icon and "Edit", is outlined in dark orange.

Select an image, then click Upload.

Crop your picture.

Click Set new profile picture.

Resetting your profile picture to the identicon
In the upper-right corner of any page on GitHub, click your profile picture, then click  Settings.

Under "Profile Picture", select  Edit, then click Remove photo to revert to your identicon.

If your email address is associated with a Gravatar, you cannot revert to your identicon. Click Revert to Gravatar instead.

Screenshot of the "Public profile" section of a user account's settings. A button, labeled with a pencil icon and "Edit", is outlined in dark orange.

Changing your profile name
Your GitHub profile name does not need to correlate with your real-world identity.

In the upper-right corner of any page on GitHub, click your profile picture, then click  Settings.
Under "Public profile", in the "Name" field, type the name you want to be displayed on your profile.
Adding a bio to your profile
In the upper-right corner of any page on GitHub, click your profile picture, then click  Settings.

Under "Public profile", in the "Bio" field, type the content that you want displayed on your profile. The bio field is limited to 160 characters.

Tip

When you @mention an organization, only those that you're a member of will autocomplete. You can still @mention organizations that you're not a member of, like a previous employer, but the organization name won't autocomplete for you.

Click Update profile.

Adding pronouns to your profile
Add pronouns to your public user profile to share information about yourself with other GitHub users.

In the upper-right corner of any page on GitHub, click your profile picture, then click  Settings.

Under Pronouns, add the pronouns that you want displayed on your profile. You may add custom pronouns.

Click Update profile.

Setting your location and time zone
In the upper-right corner of any page on GitHub, click your profile picture, then click  Settings.
Under "Public profile", in the "Location" field, type the location you want to be displayed on your profile.
Optionally, display the current local time on your profile.
Select Display current local time.
Select the Time zone dropdown menu, then click your local time zone.
Click Update profile.
Adding links to your social accounts
You can add up to four links to social accounts on your profile.

In the upper-right corner of any page on GitHub, click your profile picture, then click  Settings.
Under "Social accounts", in a blank "Link to social profile" field, type the full URL of the social account. For example, for the @GitHub Twitter account, type https://twitter.com/github.
Click Update profile.
Adding your ORCID iD to your ORCID iD, you can identify yourself by adding your ORCID iD to your profile.

In the upper-right corner of any page on GitHub, click your profile picture, then click  Settings.
Under "ORCID iD", click Connect your ORCID iD.
Follow the steps to sign in to your ORCID account and then return to GitHub.
Setting a status
You can set a status to display information about your current availability.

In the top right corner of GitHub, click your profile picture, then click  Set status or, if you already have a status set, click your current status.

Screenshot of the dropdown menu under @octocat's profile picture. A smiley icon and "Set status" are outlined in dark orange.

In the "What's happening" field, type a status message.

Optionally, to set an emoji status, click , then click an emoji from the list.

Optionally, if you'd like to share that you have limited availability, select "Busy."

Select the Expiration dropdown menu, then click when you want your status to expire. If you don't select a status expiration, you will keep your status until you clear or edit your status.

Select the Visible to dropdown menu, then click who you want your status visible to. If you don't select an organization, your status will be public.

Click Set status.

Next steps