winget install -e --id JetBrains.PyCharm.Community.EAP

winget install -e --id Fioooooooo.FylloCode
winget install -e --id MiniMax.MiniMaxCode  Remembers your habits, builds Agent teams, automates the repetitive workwinget install -e --id Alibaba.Qoder  
Install Qoder with winget
To install Qoder with winget, use the following command:   About Qoder
Agentic Coding Platform for Real Software
Source code for winget package
Download (.inno)
Install Sonic Pi with winget
To install Sonic Pi with winget, use the following command:
About Sonic Pi
Free code-based music creation and performance too
winget install -e --id Xiaomi.MiMoCode.Baseline
Install MiMoCode (Baseline) with winget
To install MiMoCode (Baseline) with winget, use the following command:
About MiMoCode (Baseline)
A next-generation AI coding assistant for developers. Unlimited context lets you understand, build, and collaborate more efficiently.
winget install -e --id LoftLabs.DevPod
Install DevPod with winget
To install DevPod with winget, use the following command:

About DevPod
Codespaces but open-source, client-only and unopinionated: Works with any IDE and lets you use any cloud, kubernetes or just localhost docker.
winget install -e --id okteto.okteto
Install okteto with winget
To install okteto with winget, use the following command:

About okteto
Okteto is a cloud-native development platform that bridges the gap between local development and production, enabling seamless development and deployment in Kubernetes clusters.
winget install -e --id FactoryAI.Factory
Install Factory with winget
To install Factory with winget, use the following command:
About Factory
Agent-Native Software Development
winget install -e --id JetBrains.Rider.EAP
Install JetBrains Rider (EAP) with winget
To install JetBrains Rider (EAP) with winget, use the following command:
About JetBrains Rider (EAP)
Develop .NET, ASP.NET, .NET Core, Xamarin or Unity applications on Windows, Mac, Linux
winget install -e --id Microsoft.Gaming.XboxLiveDeveloperTools
Install Xbox Live Developer Tools with winget
To install Xbox Live Developer Tools with winget, use the following command:
About Xbox Live Developer Tools
Tools to help develop and test games that interact with Xbox services.
winget install -e --id Microsoft.SQLServer.2025.Developer
Install Microsoft SQL Server 2025 Developer with winget
To install Microsoft SQL Server 2025 Developer with winget, use the following command:

About Microsoft SQL Server 2025 Developer
SQL Server 2025 Developer is a full-featured free edition, licensed for use as a development and test database in a non-production environment.
winget install -e --id DevToys-app.DevToys
Install DevToys with winget
To install DevToys with winget, use the following command:
About DevToys
DevToys is a Swiss Army knife for developers.
winget install -e --id Unity.Unity.6000
Install Unity 6000 with winget
To install Unity 6000 with winget, use the following command:

About Unity 6000
The world’s leading platform for real-time content creation
winget install -e --id riok.Kreya
Install Kreya with winget
To install Kreya with winget, use the following command:

About Kreya
A GUI client for gRPC and REST APIs with innovative features for environments, authorizations and more.
Select an importer type, enter the necessary information and click 'Next'. If you want to try Kreya and you don't have any GraphQL schemas at hand, select GraphQL schema introspection importer and enter https://example-api.kreya.app/graphql as the endpoint. Kreya will automatically introspect your GraphQL schema and provide autocomplete for queries, mutations and subscriptions.

In the following screen, enter the API URL which will be prefilled for all operations.

For REST: Adding OpenAPI definitions
If you do not want to use REST or do not have an OpenAPI definition at hand, skip this step. You can always add an Importer later on.
Operations
Operations are the core feature of Kreya. They correspondend to "service methods":

For gRPC, an operation corresponds to a gRPC service method, e.g. MyService.GetList()
For GraphQL, an operation corresponds to a query, mutation or subscription
For REST, an operation is an HTTP endpoint, e.g. POST https://example.com/api/invoices
For WebSocket, an operation is a WebSocket connection, e.g. wss://example.com/ws
You may create multiple operations for one "service method".

Creating operations
With REST and WebSocket operations, you can simply create operations from scratch. However, this can be a hassle to do manually.

If you have an API definition, such as an OpenAPI document, you can import operations automatically. For gRPC, this is required, as the API definitions are needed for (de-)serialization.

Organization
The operations can be organised into directories. Note that this directory structure is stored and read directly from the file system. That is why some characters are forbidden in folder and file names and why the operations are always sorted alphabetically.

When organizing operations into directories, take a look at the directory settings. With this Kreya feature, you can apply settings to all operations within a directory.
collection invoke
Invokes (runs) a single collection or a set of collections

kreyac collection invoke [--scripting-timeout] [--relative-to] [--disable-scripts] [--test-report-junit] [Collections]


Example
kreyac collection invoke my-collection.krcol

Options
scripting-timeout
--scripting-timeout
Can also be set via the environment variable KREYA_SCRIPTINGTIMEOUT
Default: 20

Timeout of operation scripts in seconds

relative-to
--relative-to

Default: project

Determines the base path for resolving relative paths and globs. Accepted values: project, current-working-directory (alias: cwd)

disable-scripts
--disable-scripts

Disable the scripts of all operations for this invocation

test-report-junit
--test-report-junit

Enables the JUnit test reporter and writes the JUnit report to the specified file

Arguments
Collections required multiple
Paths of the collections to be invoked, these could be directories, .krcol files or globs (e.g. './my-service/**'). Some shells expand globs automatically, so you should enclose them in quotes. Collections are invoked in alphabetical order.

Previous
Commands
Comparisons
vs Postman
vs Insomnia
vs BloomRPC
vs Bruno
vs SoapUI
vs SwaggerUI
Support
environment get-active
Gets the active environment

kreyac environment get-active

Example
kreyac environment get-active -p ./my-project.krproj
Install Parley Deck Skill with winget
To install Parley Deck Skill with winget, use the following command:

About Parley Deck Skill
Installer for the Parley Deck multi-agent cooperation skill.